Unify config with viper 🐍 (#162)
Chatterino/api: docs/config.md

# Configuration

Chatterino API's configuration is manageable via config files, environment variables and command line flags.

## Config files

> Chatterino API will attempt reading config file in the following paths:
>  - `/etc/chatterino-api/`
>  - `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME` (default: `~/.config/chatterino-api/` or `%APPDATA\chatterino-api\` on Windows)
>  - current working directory

Reviewer: Might as well clarify the config file name here

```suggestion
Chatterino API will attempt reading config file from the following paths:
 - `/etc/chatterino-api/config.yaml`
 - `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME` (default: `~/.config/chatterino-api/config.yaml` or `%APPDATA\chatterino-api\config.yaml` on Windows)
 - current working directory (`./config.yaml`)
```

> The [default config file](https://github.com/Chatterino/api/blob/master/config.yaml) has default values. Copy it, uncoumment and change values as needed.

Reviewer: Spelling fix

```suggestion
The [default config file](https://github.com/Chatterino/api/blob/master/config.yaml) has default values. Copy it, uncomment and change values as needed.
```
